and it came to pass in the four hundred
and it came to pass in the four hundred and eightieth year after the children of
and eightieth year after the children of
and eightieth year after the children of Israel had come out of the land of Egypt
Israel had come out of the land of Egypt
Israel had come out of the land of Egypt in the fourth year of Solomon's reign
in the fourth year of Solomon's reign
in the fourth year of Solomon's reign over Israel in the month of Ziv which is
over Israel in the month of Ziv which is
over Israel in the month of Ziv which is the second month that he began to build
the second month that he began to build
the second month that he began to build the house of the Lord now the house
the house of the Lord now the house
the house of the Lord now the house which King Solomon built for the Lord
which King Solomon built for the Lord
which King Solomon built for the Lord its length was sixty cubits its width
its length was sixty cubits its width
its length was sixty cubits its width twenty and its height thirty cubits the
twenty and its height thirty cubits the
twenty and its height thirty cubits the vestibule in front of the sanctuary of
vestibule in front of the sanctuary of
vestibule in front of the sanctuary of the house was twenty cubits long across
the house was twenty cubits long across
the house was twenty cubits long across the width of the house and the width of
the width of the house and the width of
the width of the house and the width of the vestibule extended 10 cubits from
the vestibule extended 10 cubits from
the vestibule extended 10 cubits from the front of the house and he made for
the front of the house and he made for
the front of the house and he made for the house windows with beveled frames
the house windows with beveled frames
the house windows with beveled frames against the wall of the temple he built
against the wall of the temple he built
against the wall of the temple he built chambers all around against the walls of
chambers all around against the walls of
chambers all around against the walls of the temple all around the sanctuary and
the temple all around the sanctuary and
the temple all around the sanctuary and the inner sanctuary
the inner sanctuary
the inner sanctuary [Music]
[Music]
[Music] thus he made side chambers all around it
thus he made side chambers all around it
thus he made side chambers all around it the lowest chamber was five cubits wide
the lowest chamber was five cubits wide
the lowest chamber was five cubits wide the middle was six cubits wide and the
the middle was six cubits wide and the
the middle was six cubits wide and the third was seven cubits wide for he made
third was seven cubits wide for he made
third was seven cubits wide for he made narrow ledges around the outside of the
narrow ledges around the outside of the
narrow ledges around the outside of the temple so that the support beams would
temple so that the support beams would
temple so that the support beams would not be fastened into the walls of the
not be fastened into the walls of the
not be fastened into the walls of the temple and the temple when it was being
temple and the temple when it was being
temple and the temple when it was being built was built with stone finished at
built was built with stone finished at
built was built with stone finished at the quarry so that no hammer or chisel
the quarry so that no hammer or chisel
the quarry so that no hammer or chisel or any iron tool was heard in the temple
or any iron tool was heard in the temple
or any iron tool was heard in the temple while it was being built the doorway for
while it was being built the doorway for
while it was being built the doorway for the middle story was on the right side
the middle story was on the right side
the middle story was on the right side of the temple they went up by stairs to
of the temple they went up by stairs to
of the temple they went up by stairs to the middle story and from the middle to
the middle story and from the middle to
the middle story and from the middle to the third so he built the temple and
the third so he built the temple and
the third so he built the temple and finished it and he paneled the temple
finished it and he paneled the temple
finished it and he paneled the temple with beams and boards of cedar and he
with beams and boards of cedar and he
with beams and boards of cedar and he built side chambers against the entire
built side chambers against the entire
built side chambers against the entire temple each five cubits high they were
temple each five cubits high they were
temple each five cubits high they were attached to the temple with cedar beams
attached to the temple with cedar beams
attached to the temple with cedar beams then the word of the Lord came to song
then the word of the Lord came to song
then the word of the Lord came to song concerning this temple which you are
concerning this temple which you are
concerning this temple which you are building if you walk in my statutes
building if you walk in my statutes
building if you walk in my statutes execute my judgments keep all my
execute my judgments keep all my
execute my judgments keep all my Commandments and walk in them then I
Commandments and walk in them then I
Commandments and walk in them then I will perform my word with you which I
will perform my word with you which I
will perform my word with you which I spoke to your father David and I will
spoke to your father David and I will
spoke to your father David and I will dwell among the children of Israel and
dwell among the children of Israel and
dwell among the children of Israel and will not forsake my people Israel so
will not forsake my people Israel so
will not forsake my people Israel so Solomon built the temple and finished it
Solomon built the temple and finished it
Solomon built the temple and finished it and he built the inside walls of the
and he built the inside walls of the
and he built the inside walls of the temple with cedar boards from the floor
temple with cedar boards from the floor
temple with cedar boards from the floor of the temple to the ceiling
of the temple to the ceiling
of the temple to the ceiling he paneled the inside with wood and he
he paneled the inside with wood and he
he paneled the inside with wood and he covered the floor of the temple with
covered the floor of the temple with
covered the floor of the temple with planks of Cypress then he built the
planks of Cypress then he built the
planks of Cypress then he built the twenty cubit room at the rear of the
twenty cubit room at the rear of the
twenty cubit room at the rear of the temple from floor to ceiling with cedar
temple from floor to ceiling with cedar
temple from floor to ceiling with cedar boards he built it inside as the inner
boards he built it inside as the inner
boards he built it inside as the inner sanctuary as the most holy place and in
sanctuary as the most holy place and in
sanctuary as the most holy place and in front of it the temple sanctuary was 40
front of it the temple sanctuary was 40
front of it the temple sanctuary was 40 cubits long the inside of the temple was
cubits long the inside of the temple was
cubits long the inside of the temple was cedar carved with ornamental buds and
cedar carved with ornamental buds and
cedar carved with ornamental buds and open flowers all was cedar
open flowers all was cedar
open flowers all was cedar there was no stone to be seen and he
there was no stone to be seen and he
there was no stone to be seen and he prepared the inner sanctuary inside the
prepared the inner sanctuary inside the
prepared the inner sanctuary inside the temple to set the Ark of the Covenant of
temple to set the Ark of the Covenant of
temple to set the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord bear the inner sanctuary was 20
the Lord bear the inner sanctuary was 20
the Lord bear the inner sanctuary was 20 cubits long 20 cubits wide and 20 cubits
cubits long 20 cubits wide and 20 cubits
cubits long 20 cubits wide and 20 cubits high he overlaid it with pure gold and
high he overlaid it with pure gold and
high he overlaid it with pure gold and overlaid the altar of cedar so Solomon
overlaid the altar of cedar so Solomon
overlaid the altar of cedar so Solomon overlaid the inside of the temple with
overlaid the inside of the temple with
overlaid the inside of the temple with pure gold he stretched gold chains
pure gold he stretched gold chains
pure gold he stretched gold chains across the front of the inner sanctuary
across the front of the inner sanctuary
across the front of the inner sanctuary and overlaid it with gold the whole
and overlaid it with gold the whole
and overlaid it with gold the whole temple he overlaid with gold until he
temple he overlaid with gold until he
temple he overlaid with gold until he had finished all the temple also he
had finished all the temple also he
had finished all the temple also he overlaid with gold the entire altar that
overlaid with gold the entire altar that
overlaid with gold the entire altar that was by the inner sanctuary inside the
was by the inner sanctuary inside the
was by the inner sanctuary inside the inner sanctuary he made two cherubim of
inner sanctuary he made two cherubim of
inner sanctuary he made two cherubim of olivewood each ten cubits high
olivewood each ten cubits high
olivewood each ten cubits high one wing of the cherub was five cubits
one wing of the cherub was five cubits
one wing of the cherub was five cubits and the other wing of the cherub five
and the other wing of the cherub five
and the other wing of the cherub five cubits ten cubits from the tip of one
cubits ten cubits from the tip of one
cubits ten cubits from the tip of one wing to the tip of the other and the
wing to the tip of the other and the
wing to the tip of the other and the other cherub was ten cubits both
other cherub was ten cubits both
other cherub was ten cubits both cherubim were of the same size and shape
cherubim were of the same size and shape
cherubim were of the same size and shape the height of one cherub was ten cubits
the height of one cherub was ten cubits
the height of one cherub was ten cubits and so was the other chair then he set
and so was the other chair then he set
and so was the other chair then he set the cherubim inside the inner room and
the cherubim inside the inner room and
the cherubim inside the inner room and they stretched out the wings of the
they stretched out the wings of the
they stretched out the wings of the cherubim so that the wing of the one
cherubim so that the wing of the one
cherubim so that the wing of the one touched one wall and the wing of the
touched one wall and the wing of the
touched one wall and the wing of the other cherub touched the other wall and
other cherub touched the other wall and
other cherub touched the other wall and their wings touched each other in the
their wings touched each other in the
their wings touched each other in the middle of the room also he overlaid the
middle of the room also he overlaid the
middle of the room also he overlaid the cherubim with gold then he carved all
cherubim with gold then he carved all
cherubim with gold then he carved all the walls of the temple all around both
the walls of the temple all around both
the walls of the temple all around both the inner and outer sanctuaries with
the inner and outer sanctuaries with
the inner and outer sanctuaries with carved figures of cherubim palm trees
carved figures of cherubim palm trees
carved figures of cherubim palm trees and open flowers and the floor of the
and open flowers and the floor of the
and open flowers and the floor of the temple he overlaid with gold both the
temple he overlaid with gold both the
temple he overlaid with gold both the inner and outer sanctuaries for the
inner and outer sanctuaries for the
inner and outer sanctuaries for the entrance of the inner sanctuary he made
entrance of the inner sanctuary he made
entrance of the inner sanctuary he made doors of olive wood the lintel and door
doors of olive wood the lintel and door
doors of olive wood the lintel and door posts were one fifth of the war the two
posts were one fifth of the war the two
posts were one fifth of the war the two doors were of olive wood and he carved
doors were of olive wood and he carved
doors were of olive wood and he carved on them figures of cherubim palm trees
on them figures of cherubim palm trees
on them figures of cherubim palm trees and open flowers and overlaid them with
and open flowers and overlaid them with
and open flowers and overlaid them with gold and he spread gold on the cherubim
gold and he spread gold on the cherubim
gold and he spread gold on the cherubim and on the palm trees so for the door of
and on the palm trees so for the door of
and on the palm trees so for the door of the sanctuary he also made door posts of
the sanctuary he also made door posts of
the sanctuary he also made door posts of olive wood one-fourth of the wall and
olive wood one-fourth of the wall and
olive wood one-fourth of the wall and the two doors were of cypress wood two
the two doors were of cypress wood two
the two doors were of cypress wood two panels comprised one folding door and
panels comprised one folding door and
panels comprised one folding door and two panels comprised the other folding
two panels comprised the other folding
two panels comprised the other folding door then he carved cherubim palm trees
door then he carved cherubim palm trees
door then he carved cherubim palm trees and open flowers on them and overlaid
and open flowers on them and overlaid
and open flowers on them and overlaid them with gold applied evenly on the
them with gold applied evenly on the
them with gold applied evenly on the carved work
carved work
carved work and he built the inner court with three
and he built the inner court with three
and he built the inner court with three rows of hewn stone and a row of cedar
rows of hewn stone and a row of cedar
rows of hewn stone and a row of cedar beans in the fourth year the foundation
beans in the fourth year the foundation
beans in the fourth year the foundation of the house of the Lord was laid in the
of the house of the Lord was laid in the
of the house of the Lord was laid in the month of Ziv and in the eleventh year in
month of Ziv and in the eleventh year in
month of Ziv and in the eleventh year in the month of bull which is the eighth
the month of bull which is the eighth
the month of bull which is the eighth month the house was finished in all its
month the house was finished in all its
month the house was finished in all its details and according to all its plans
details and according to all its plans
details and according to all its plans so he was seven years in building it